# SLC Developers Sponsorship Overview

Salt Lake City Developers is always looking for sponsors for its events. We'd
love to have you! Sponsoring brings a personal touch to your recruiting efforts,
technical impact on our area, and awareness to your brand.

## Overview

Salt Lake City Developers holds two kinds of events each month: presentation
nights and happy hours. Sponsoring either event is a minimum of $300. You can
also sponsor drinks at a bar afterward, which varies depending on attendance of
the particular event.

On presentation nights, we are currently averaging an RSVP rate of $X people.
This event is generally more focused on a given presentation, and limits overall
socialization in order to allow time for the presenter and Q&A.

Happy Hours are unstructured evenings where people group up based on interest,
generally at a bar. This evening also exists to allow for us to create project
nights, meetup events, and workshops when applicable. This event exists to allow
for more in depth conversations and general socializing.

## Benefits

As a sponsor, you will get the chance to speak to the crowd at the given event
and pitch your company (or whatever it is you'd like to pitch). Sponsors
generally speak for a minute or two, but up to five minutes isn't unheard of
(although, don't make it too long, people will lose interest if they're being
pitched too hard).

When sponsoring an event, a Salt Lake City Developers organizer will purchase
any food, giveaway items, or drinks (with the exception of alcohol) intended
for the event. You should contribute by donating to the Meetup. When sponsoring
drinks at a bar, you should bring a card for and work out a maximum for the
night with the bar. They're used to this for our group, so it's quite easy.

For either presentation nights or happy hours, we can provide table space for
you to put out materials, or hand out swag for your company as desired, but that
is not expected or required. Cards can be given by anyone regardless of
sponsorship, but additional marketing is always reserved for sponsors.

All sponsors will be listed on our Meetup.com sponsors page
(https://www.meetup.com/slcdevs/sponsors/) for a month after sponsoring a given
event. You can provide a title and description that fits your brand, as well as
a square image (usually a logo). All sponsors links will link to a specified
landing page.

If you desire, your company can also be listed as currently hiring on our agenda
that is available (both during the event, and historically) to help in your
recruiting efforts.

And lastly, while not an easily measured benefit, by becoming a sponsor, you are
providing a brand presence in the local tech scene. From our observations,
developers aspire to work at companies that they know about. This provides you
a marketing channel to become more well known, often to developers who are
looking for new opportunities.

## Additional benefits

Additional benefits can be arranged, and will be provided to long term sponsors,
such as branding on SLC Developers sponsored presentations, name tags provided
to every member attending an event, your-company-hosted events marketed by us,
or whatever else you'd like to do. If you're interested in becoming a larger
sponsor, or have any questions at all, feel free to get in touch with the
leadership team.

